Update commands.asciidoc (#2093)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/commands.asciidoc

Force overwrite of current configuration without prompting for confirmation.
This flag is helpful when using automation software or scripted deployments.

> 
> Note: if the {agent} is already installed on the host, using --force will result in
> unpredictable behaviour with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: If the {agent} is already installed on the host, using `--force` will result in
unpredictable behavior with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}.
```

Reviewer: Does this always happen in this situation? If not, you should say "may result".

`--non-interactive`::

> The {agent} will be installed in a non-interactive mode. This flag is helpful when 
> using automation software or scripted deployments and will check if there is an {agent}
> already installed. If there is an {agent} on the host already, installation will abort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install {agent} in a non-interactive mode. This flag is helpful when 
using automation software or scripted deployments. If {agent} is
already installed on the host, the installation will terminate.
```

Reviewer: we try to avoid saying abort.

Force overwrite of current configuration without prompting for confirmation.
This flag is helpful when using automation software or scripted deployments.

> Note: if the {agent} is already installed on the host, using --force may result in
> unpredictable behaviour with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the {agent} is already installed on the host, using `--force` may result in
unpredictable behaviour with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}.
```

> 
> Note: if the {agent} is already installed on the host, using --force may result in
> unpredictable behaviour with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: If the {agent} is already installed on the host, using `--force` may result in
unpredictable behaviour with duplicate {agent}s appearing in {fleet}.
```

Reviewer: `NOTE` is required if you want this to render using the note formatting. Also added some markup for the flag name and a period at the end of the sentence.
